samples: openthread: enable MPSL by default (#3058)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_configuring.rst

* :option:`CONFIG_NETWORKING` - This option enables the generic link layer and the IP networking support.
* :option:`CONFIG_NET_L2_OPENTHREAD` - This option enables the OpenThread stack required for the correct operation of the Thread protocol and allows you to use them.

> * :option:`CONFIG_MPSL` - Use Nordic Multi Protocol Service Layer (MPSL) implementation, providing services for single and multi-protocol implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :option:`CONFIG_MPSL` - This options enables the Nordic Multi Protocol Service Layer (MPSL) implementation, which provides services for single-protocol and multi-protocol implementations.
```
Link to OpenThread architectures under `single-protocol and multi-protocol implementations`?
```
:ref:`single-protocol and multi-protocol implementations <ug_thread_architectures>`
```

Author: Thanks, updated.
